[Music]
Yes, since the VIP 19 outbreak,
Yes, I'll do something sooner, yes, yes
[Music]
Running chicken
You and me alone, you and the street, everything is
so quiet, just you alone. Perhaps the
most relaxing time of the
day, but it reminds me of the
streets of the case when Corona appeared,
it was also quiet and peaceful,
there was a scary tradition. You
and everything still go on. We
still have to go to work,
architectural design on hurried trains.
[Music]
Fast train through the garage, the eye of the eye. Just yesterday,
the whole Vietnamese community was in turmoil because of rumors about
what chickens are, the eye of the first Vietnamese person
infected, and sharing a room with
8 people. You're just making that up, is that just a rumor?
When the Japanese are indifferent or has modern life
made them strong? Not far away
is a temple, due to genetic inheritance, meaning like on the
lotus pedestal. Here there is a bronze statue, the
third time Japan has been sculpted with the hope of
praying for the Kanto earthquake
or war not to happen.  Furthermore, they write their
wishes on wooden plaques.
They also know how to give alms, they also worship Buddha
[music],
they also light incense and pray like
us. In the face of the complicated pandemic situation, the
Golden Club has
launched a program of practicing the Eight Precepts,
dedicating merit to transforming the pandemic
and drought in some parts of the country
[music]. Those
living and working
abroad are actively participating in
practicing and adhering to the Eight Precepts according to the
Golden Club's program. Yes, yes, I will
never harm living beings throughout my life, saying goodbye to my
parents and letting them
gamble with the species. And the bracelet, the chainsaw, the economy, the
insects, the dam, the heart, killing them all,
not killing living beings for a day and a night.
So, precious things all have lights, is that okay?
Om Buddha, we are so sacred!
Please let me make a vow for one night, to be free
from women, not to steal in
England, to film and catch them, to make a vow for one
day and one night, to receive the precepts, not to use drugs,
yes,
yes.  You should make a vow for one day and one night to
receive the precepts of space, point of emptiness, singing and
dancing. Save the worldly pleasures,
yes, yes
[music]
[music] yes, yes, uh, uh [music]
Yes, okay, there is a kind of female that must be terrified with the
personality of a fox, eating close to examine and what's wrong with
this fetus. Just hoping for the things that have been
done, the music often causes enough to break. Every day,
how much mental suffering and karmic obstacles are overcome,
please repent from here. The current staff
has a Coronavirus epidemic, she wrote
because it has the ability to spread, highlighting the
fact that there is no cure in the world.
We know this
has cause. Then the unwholesome actions
of sentient beings cause, including the destruction of
karma. Tam Dao destroyed Buddhism. The above-mentioned
country of Vietnam has many
drought-stricken areas. In the second month of the An Cu retreat, an
incident occurred. The story is that in the south, the river and gas played
continuously from day to day,
but for the past four months, the north has
not had a single drop of rain. A disaster has
befallen the small yellow areas.  Here, the unseasonal
rains have caused immeasurable crop failures, there's
no milk to sustain us, and we have nothing to
eat except vegetables. That's why we're so vulnerable in the forest,
hiding from the elements at the beginning of the season. We have to think about it,
knowing that the Dharma is transcendent and transcendent. Right
now, in Japan, it's the middle of spring, the
season of cherry blossoms, so beautiful. But an
unusual weather phenomenon has occurred:
snow in the middle of spring. It's so
cool and refreshing, and we're worried, especially since Japan has canceled the Olympics and is facing a strong outbreak of disease. Yes, if I didn't know about Buddhism, I, like everyone else, would be bewildered by the uncertain and unpredictable future. When the pandemic
made me rich, thanks to the lectures of Venerable
Thich Truc Thai Minh and the
constant encouragement of our homeroom teacher, Ms. Pham Thi
Yen.
Yes, I believe in karma. I wrote that when
we strive to do good deeds, we will
transform from bad to good. I hope many people will
learn to abandon evil and do good,
and I hope the world will soon be peaceful and
overcome this pandemic. See you all soon at the
big house on a sunny day.
[Music]
Uh uh
[music]
[Applause]